ybacklight: add page (#6520)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/ybacklight.md

# ybacklight

> > A program for managing the screen backlight brightness, simpler alternative to `xbacklight`.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
> Manage the backlight brightness of the screen. It is an alternative to `xbacklight`.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Manage screen backlight brightness. See also `xbacklight`
```

Reviewer: I think @CleanMachine1's suggestion reads better

> More information: <https://github.com/pixelcmtd/ybacklight>.

> - Print short current brightness "/" short maximal brightness:

Author: Why exactly do you want to remove the `"/"` without adding something like `separated by a slash`?

> - Print short current brightness "/" short maximal brightness:

Reviewer 3: Using `separated by a slash` is fine too.

`ybacklight Sc/Sm`

- Set the brightness to 420:

`ybacklight s{{420}}`

> - Increase the brightness by 42 big steps:

Reviewer 3: What "42 big steps" stands for? Is it something like 4200?

Reviewer 4: The change makes sense, but it sounds really confusing. I'd just say `4200`.

Author: The problem here is that the factor is not always the same, it is designed to be changed in the `config.h`, if, for example, you have a display with a backlight that goes up to a really high value. That's why I put it that way instead of `4200`.

Reviewer 3: How about this one:
```suggestion
- Increase the brightness by 42 big steps (4200 by default):
```
